[KG] Kleanthis Grigoriou [LK] Luke Kruger [HS] Harry Slevin

Title


Elevator pitch 
Describe your game in 30 seconds or less
This game is similar to the other assassin's creed games, but this time it is in space. You will use non copyright breaching laser swords which are powered by radionuclear jellybeans. You will have traveled forward in time to do this, and assassin whoever you need to.
...
World Background
main differences in your game world
In this game, all hay has been removed as this game takes place in space, and therefore would not fit in.
In this game, you cannot jump off of anything due to zero gravity. If you attempt this, you will simply float off into space forever.
In this game, if you are caught by the space police, you must enact a several day-long sequence of attempting to prove your character's innocence in a space trial. There is no way to get around this. We believe this is a worthy compromise for using the trailing missions slightly less.
...
Pillars
[KG] Core concepts include refined stealth and combat against multiple opponents. 
[KG] Other core elements are a great focus on exploration and discovery of a vast limitless universe
[KG] and an emotional expansive storyline. 
...
30 second gameplay description
[KG] The gameplay loop concists of enticing and rewarding combat that gives players just the right number of difficulty for them to keep coming back for more.
[KG] Enemies are scalled gradually to to stay on par with the player and offer a balanced yet challenging experience.
[KG] The player will be overwhelmed by opportunities to explore the vastness of space. The Majorityt of their time will be exploration, the progression of the main storyline and the rewarding mastery of the combat loop.
 
...
Features points
key selling points of your game
[LK]
the main key selling points of our game is:
60 hours of campaign gameplay.
up to 4 players can play multiplayer at a time.
we have a modding community which can support players with customs items that they 
wish to be added to their game.
we have 5 dlc's that come at a reasonable price of 59.99 euro,
this bundle is called the season one luner eclipse


...
Market analysis
similar games , typical customer, expected sales
[LK]
some similar games to ours would be the original assasins creed games, for honor,
watch dogs and no mans sky.

the typical customer we are aiming to target is the type of player who likes big long 
campgains, multiplayer aspect and space exploration, also the element of being stealthy

we are expecting to reach a total of 3.6 million euros of total sales.
the game is costing us 500 thousand euros to design and create.
this will leave us with a nice 3.1 million euro profit.